DCXpart.txt

The DCXpart.prg file is an I++ command file that can be used to
drive a CMM to inspect the DaimlerChrysler test part.  The file is written
using the following assumptions.
1. Part location
   a. The part is located flat on its back in the center of the table of
      the CMM.
   b. The longest edges of the part are parallel to the front of the CMM.
   c. The origin of the machine coordinate system is at the bottom of
      the center hole of the DCX part.
2. Machine coordinate system
   a. The origin of the machine coordinate system is on the CMM table.
   b. The positive Z-axis of the machine coordinate system points up
      from the table.
   c. The positive X-axis of the machine coordinate system is parallel to
      the front of the CMM and points toward the right side of the CMM.

If the assumptions about the machine coordinate system are not correct, the
file can be processed using the CSYmover utility (part of the NIST I++ DME
test suite) to produce an output file with a few lines added near the
beginning that enable the output file to run a machine with a different
coordinate system. Read the documentation of the CSYmover utility to see
how this is done.

The physical activities this file performs are:
1. Home the machine
2. Change tool to Probe1
3. Probe 4 points on the top of the part.
4. Probe 4 points on the front side of the part.
5. Probe 4 points on the left side of the part.
6. Probe 8 points inside the large hole in the center of the part.
7. Probe 8 points inside the small hole in the center of the part.
8. Repeat steps 3 through 7 (using a smaller approach and retract distance).
9. Go to park position and stop.

The DCXpart.res file contains responses to the commands in the
the DCXpart.prg file.

These two files were made by extracting commands and responses from a log
file made by a client during an actual inspection of the DCX part,
performed by executing a DMIS program (twice).  The commands and responses
have been heavily edited. The response file contains responses to an
OnMoveReportE command scattered throughout, which is realistic. Over 90%
of those responses in the original log file have been removed.
